Added revisions to the FAQ (#696)
tachiyomiorg/website: src/help/faq/README.md

#### Will Tachiyomi ever be on the Google Play Store?
Google Play's content policy does not allow the APK based extension system to work. The content on some websites will lead to Google taking it down at some point, and Inorichi does not want to have to deal with it as they have stated [before](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi/issues/1745#issuecomment-441208074).

#### Can Tachiyomi read Light Novels?
No. Tachiyomi is an image parser, not a text parser.

#### Can Tachiyomi stream Anime?
No. Any project that calls itself Tachiyomi that supports anime is **not affiliated with the main project**.

#### Can Tachiyomi sync between devices?
No.

#### How can I report Tachiyomi copycats on the Google Play Store?
If you are on desktop, fill out [this](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/contact/takedown) form following [these](https://pastebin.com/08eeuJxH) steps.

### Library

#### How can I see how many chapters I have downloaded or unread?
Enable **Download badges** or **Unread badges** under <Navigation item="library"/>.

::: guide

> Enable it by going to <Navigation item="library"/> → <Navigation item="filter"/> → **Display** tab and then checking **Download badges** or **Unread badges** at the bottom.

Reviewer: Probably can remove this because it basically the same as above

1. If you still cannot find the manga in any of your sources, then try to search for an extension for the website you found in step 1 in the [extensions](/extensions/) list.

#### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator or aggregator and they do have an extension
Download the corresponding extension, tap on it under <Navigation item="browse"/> → **Sources**, and then search for the manga there.
#### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator or aggregator and they do not have an extension
Check if adding the site as an extension has [already been requested](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues) and that it is not on the list of extensions that will not be added back [here](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues/3475). If it has not been requested and it is not on the list, you can [request it here](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues/new/choose).

If the scanlator or aggregator does not have an online manga reader, you can download the manga from their website and set up the series as a [local manga](/help/guides/local-manga/).
:::

### Reader

#### Why are some images not displayed?

> Aside from network issues, sometimes Tachiyomi does not register the image as existing, exit and reenter the reader to fix this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside from network issues, sometimes Tachiyomi does not register the image as existing, exit and re-enter the reader to fix this.
```
